1. Lineage 
In a world where a tyrannical empire rules the whole known world, where (Antagonist race) Imperials scour the countryside for any 
treasonous act that they deemed. You are (Protagonist Name), a drifting (Protagonist’s Class) doing some jobs from town to town. 
You only have your backpack, a trusty horse, and an heirloom necklace during your travels. 
Your heirloom necklace, the memory that ties you from your home village. 

In your old village, they say when you were a babe, some washerwomen found you drifting in a river bundled in 
luxurious cloth and wearing a necklace. A wonderful family had adopted you and raised you as the (Protagonist Gender) you are today. 
Father taught you in the ways of (Protagonist Class), Mother taught you to be a good (Protagonist Gender). 

(BELOW IS ADDITION TO ADD DETAIL ABOUT THE PARENTS AND PROTAGONIST ORIGINAL FAMILY)
==== When you turned six and ten, they gave you the necklace and along with it an explanation regarding your birth. You were upset and
angry at them for weeks. You thought that why did they not tell you sooner? Who are your birth parents?, these questions ponder
your head during that day. The necklace was supposed to be a gift but you see this as not, it has intricate design and its materials
looks like its made of expensive materials. A symbol of a fox is carved at the center of the necklace, you touched the fox and 
thought about your situation.  ====

Sadly, tragedy had struck your life. 

It started when a wounded rebel had come to the village. Most of your fellow villagers refuse to treat the rebel, 
fearing a retaliation from the Empire. But my Mother, having sympathy for the rebels, treats the wound of the rebel 
because she has a brother that died fighting the Empire. Somehow, the Imperials sniffed the trail of the wounded rebel. 

The Imperials accused the entire village of treason. They burned the houses and killed all the villagers. 
Father and a few others tried to fight off the Imperials. However, the Imperials outnumbered us and are better armored. 
My Family and I tried to escape to the forest, but the Imperials had caught us. 

You watch in horror as they littered your Father with arrows in his back, 
then you heard the galloping sound of the Imperial Cavalrymen throughout the thick forest. Mother then told you to run. 
At first, you refused and told her you will not leave her behind, but she touched your cheek and 
she whispered she wants her only son to live. Tears had sprung into your eyes as you processed what she says. 
She then pushes you hard and ran to the direction of the Imperial cavalrymen. 
You take a hold of yourself and ran as fast as you can away from the Imperials lest your Mother sacrifice is for naught. 
As you run, you hear the shouts of your Mother, taking all the attention of the Imperials to her for you to escape.

To this day, the massacre of (Protagonist Home Village), your village, still haunts your dreams. 
You hope your Mother is dead because most Imperial soldiers sold captives to slavery. 
It will break your heart if you see her wearing a slave collar around her neck. 

Thinking of your past has made you downcast. You then go to a tavern to drink your sorrow. 
When drinking, you can’t help but hear the conversation of the nearby patrons. 
You hear words such as ‘tyranny’ ,’rising up’, and ‘rebellion’. 
These words may arouse the suspicion of the Imperial garrison here. 
You quickly finish your drink and left the tavern before an Imperial comes to this tavern. 
Recently, the rebels are getting bold now because of the rumor that Emperor (Antagonist Name) 
is loosening (His/Her) power. As you left, you didn’t notice that a group of hooded 
persons are eyeing your necklace and had followed you outside. 

Walking in an alleyway, the hooded persons corned you into a secluded spot. One of the person then takes off 
his hood and demands where did you get that necklace. You argued to them that this is from your late family and 
you will kill them if they will steal the necklace. The one who questioned you looked at you queerly. He then told you that 
this necklace is from his late old friend’s child. He asked you if you have a birthmark on your left arm. You thought, 
how did he know that; you nod slowly and showed him your birthmark.

The man then asked you to come with them. You tell them why would you come to them. He replied, 
“If I am correct, then you are the lost son of Anatolie...come we will have a long talk about your lineage.” 
You want to refuse,you do not know these people, but you are curious about what will they tell you about this necklace and your 
birth family. 
You followed them and from then on, 
the man told you about the origins of the necklace and the tragedy of your original family.

2. Mercenary for Hire

“You sure you won’t join us (Protagonist Name) at Gib’s Tavern? I heard the fool had imported new liquor outside the city.” 
(Protagonist Name) consider his offer but refused. (He/She) told Otto that (He/She) needs to save money for the future. 
Otto made a sneer and replied, “Bugger that! What reason would you save money at all?”. 

(Protagonist Name) groans, (He/She) thought that Otto is as assertive as all Dwarves when calling for a celebration, 
although (He/She) thought that the recent victory deserves a call for a celebration. Because (Protagonist Name) 
and the team had completed the greatest and most profitable contract ever yet done by the Guild, by protecting the 
(Protagonist Name) home against an invading army. 

The (Protagonist hometown) had been under the threat by an enemy army. When the enemy army is near, 
the mayor did everything he could to muster arms. Arming every abled men with a sword and hiring out 
several mercenary companies staying in the city. 

It was a grim day, both sides took heavy casualty as the enemy army and (Antagonist Faction) fought for the control of the city. 
But luck was on the (Antagonist Faction) side, reinforcements coming from another city had arrived to relieve the defenders. 
After the battle, (Protagonist hometown) was littered with dead bodies. Some enemy soldiers had escaped captivity and are now
hiding inside the City. Many (Antagonist Faction) soldiers are now searching the remants of the enemy army in the city. 

The mayor had rewarded all the Mercenaries, who helped defend the city with gold and gave a speech about our bravery. 
Some of your fellow instantly spend the gold that they received for items or pleasure. But not (Protagonist name), 
(He/She) would rather save the money for (His/Her) planned early retirement.

“I would rather save my money, Otto. Go have your fun with the others. I will stay in the Guild building until its closing time.” 
(Protagonist first name) shooed away the Dwarf. Otto grumbled and nodded to (Protagonist name), he then left (protagonist name) in 
(His/her) on device. “Finally, some alone time. “(protagonist first name) then picked up (his/her) pouch and counted the money 
(he/she) currently had. 

(Protagonist first name) had passed the time counting the gold coins that (he/she) earned. The sun is falling and (Protagonist 
first name) closed the Guild building early. As (He/she) goes to lock the windows, (He/She) heard a commotion outside and then 
moments later, (Protagonist's first name) heard a knocking sound on the door. “We are closed! Go back tomorrow morning!” 
The person continued to bang the door, (Protagonist first name) then readies (his/her) dagger and opened the door. 

A battered and weary man wearing a hooded clock greets (Protagonist first Name)’s vision. “Are you deaf? I said we are closed.” 
The person ignores (Protagonist first name) and pushes himself inside. The actions of this man shocked (Protagonist first name). 
“What the?…”, he closed the door when he had entered the building (Protagonist's first name) then heard soldiers talking outside. 
It sounds like they are finding someone, (protagonist first name) then looked at the stranger. Moments passed, the soldiers passed 
through and (protagonist first name) questioned the stranger. 

“Are you an outlaw? I do not tolerate scums like you hiding in our….” the clang of gold pouch interrupted (protagonist first name)’s 
mouth. (He/She) becomes confused. “What? Is this a bribe? You are an idiot if you hope you will buy my silence with this.” 
The stranger shakes off his head. “No, it is not a bribe. I am buying your service to escort me out of this forsaken city. “
(protagonist first name) raised (He/She) brows, this stranger is insolent and arrogant. “We have procedures in accepting contracts, 
we can’t just accept….” The stranger than throws three more gold pouches in the desk, their clanging sound a music to (protagonist first name) ears. 

“I have more of the gold pouch in my manse, if you help me out of this city and escort me home. I promise you will be a rich 
(man/woman)” The stranger paused for a moment then asked for your decision. “So what’s going to be Sir?…” (protagonist first name) 
immediately introduce (himself/herself),  “(protagonist class) (protagonist full name) at your service, if what you say is true then
 you will have my service. “ (protagonist first name) thought that if (he/she) helps this rich stranger, then (he/she) will set up for 
life and can retire early in (his/her) work as a mercenary. 

A day later, (protagonist first name) realized that the one (he/she) escorting is the Commander of the defeated enemy army. 

3. Kingdom 

(Protagonist race) race once a proud and powerful, they spread their cities throughout the known world and build monuments that 
reach the sky. The culture and economy of their civilization was the best compared to other races. 
Kings, princes, and nobles ruled each regions however, one bloodline rules it all, the House of (Protagonist last name). 

All Kingdoms and Free Cities swear allegiance to the God Emperor of the (Protagonist race). House (Protagonist last Name) 
rule was prosperous giving the (Protagonist race) race centuries of golden age, the people worship their God Emperor and 
they will give their lives for him 

The one who sits on the throne of the (Protagonist race) race is decided by the laws of male primogeniture. 
Throughout the years, the law works as the succession laws places wise and strong God Emperors to the throne. 
This changes when ‘The Unworthy’ sat on the throne. 

Early on his age, his Father knew his heir is unfit for the throne. He talks to the council and noble houses for 
the possible disinheritance of his son. The Father argues vehemently, telling many reasons his eldest son is unfit 
and his younger brother should become heir to the throne. Alas, the council and noble houses are staunch traditionalist 
and refused to hear it. Unbeknownst to them, the eldest son was eavesdropping on the meeting and heard all his Father said to him. 

‘The Unworthy’ ascended the throne after the mysterious death of his Father and younger brother. 
His decadent and corrupted ways ended the golden age of the (Protagonist race). His impulsive and cruel nature 
had alienated the loyal noble houses that are the pillars of the Empire. He does not have trueborn children for her 
wife miscarriage frequently. This makes him to take many mistresses and sired bastards to them. 
Only members of the loyal council had kept the ‘The Unworthy’ from plunging the realm into total darkness. 
Alas, it all changes when the ‘The Unworthy’ died and there is no direct heir. The council crowned one of his cousin but his bastards killed them. 

This plunged the realm into a succession war where the bastards of ‘The Unworthy’ took the title ‘God Emperor’ 
and began their fight for the throne. Noble houses endorse their own bastard which caused a disunity in the Empire. 
Sensing an opportunity, the other races started attacking the border cities and castles. They cut their way to the 
dis-unified Empire, claiming many cities and technological advancement for their own. 

When the succession war ended and a bastard had gained the title of ‘God Emperor’, the Empire is in ruins and 
the strength of the Imperial army depleted. It is unsurprising that after a week of the bastard’s coronation. 
The other races sacked his capital city and destroyed the remnants of the Imperial Army.

Thus starts the dark age of the (Protagonist race) where our old cities are in ruins or conquered by the other races. 
But hope is not lost. One bastard of ‘The Unworthy’ had led the surviving (Protagonist race) into hiding. He led a great 
exodus for us to escape the murderous invading force. Our people moved and created a new home to the deep forest and snowy 
mountains up north. From then on, the (Protagonist race) founded a Kingdom from the North, away from the other races.

For decades, the descendants of the bastard who led the expedition north had solidified the (Protagonist race) position up north. 
The other races that destroyed the Empire marched, tried to finish what they have started by taking the North. But the rough 
terrain and bravery of the (Protagonist race) had pushed them back. 

However, the recent years are hard for the surviving (Protagonist race). It is hard to grow food in these lands, 
and this caused a famine spread in every settlement. Because of the famine and lack of resource, Infighting is frequent 
between settlements. Throughout the years, many settlements declared Independence from the Kingdom seeking to take the 
resources for themselves. Gradually, the Northern Kingdom is destroying itself every year.

Nowadays, the Northern Kingdom only owns three settlements, and the (Protagonist birth location) castle. The nearby seperatist warlords 
killed the last King in a skirmish near our borders. The throne now passes to (Protagonist name), the only (Son/Daughter) of the 
King. (His/Her) Mother died when (He/She) was born. It is my responsibility as the assigned guardian to teach the child in the ways 
of being a (Protagonist class). I will teach (His/Her) to be a wise and strong (King/Queen) that will lead our Kingdom back to greatness. 

I hope for the good of the (Protagonist race) race that I succeed in this endeavor for there are rumors that another invasion is 
imminent from the other races. For only the blood of the old God Emperors will our people unite to stop the invaders. 

4. Rebellion 

(Protagonist Narrate the race peaceful existance)

(Protagonist Narrate the Invasion of the Antagonist Faction)

(Protagonist Narrate the fall and massacre of his/her race)

(Protagonist finishes narrating and he/she was called to prepare for battle)

(Protagonist join a party to ambush the Antagonist Faction patrols)

5. Wanderer